Here's the completed project that uses
jQuery's Ajax method to asynchronously fetch the data,
setting up the XHR object has been replaced with calls to dollar.ajax,
and the data is passed in directly as an object.
When the response is returned it's handled by the done method.
If there are any errors,
then the fail method will display an error message
letting the user know that content couldn't be loaded.
Since unsplash returns a Json object,
the response will automatically get converted to Json by jQuery.
Similarly, the New York Times request returns
Json data that will get converted to a regular JavaScript object.
Pretty cool how jQuery handles most of the set up for us, isn't it?